how do you get music on that you just
connect your head to iTunes like yeah
you can download
so you can download all your music and
you can play it using two remote control
yes how many megapixels it's 20 so we
can also take video you can take video
is creepy you know you could get in
trouble like at the gym with something
like that in the locker room okay so it
does it does music it does mobile so it
does camera video what else you can also
go through texting
Thank You sorties oh my gosh it's pretty
soft are you writing my name you see
it's very easy to write they can send
text messages you receive text messages
interesting gross so where do you buy
one of these okay does it work on any
carrier GSM carrier images it's a
quad-band GSM phone
thanks Isaac